# Welcome to Thrones Tracker!

## What is the Thrones Tracker?
 This app was created for the invested Game of Thrones Fan. Throne Tracker allows users to start out with a base set of characters and comments. The purpose of this app is to help viewers keep track of their thoughts and speculations throughout their viewing experience.

### User Stories
 - As a user you will be able to add a new character to your Thrones Tracker app.
- Each card will have a name title, image, and comment.
- As a user you will be able to edit and delete the cards as you see fit.
-  Finally, you will be able to incorporate additional comments to your card and keep track of your thoughts regarding each specific character.

## Configuration
* Clone the repository to your computer
* Navigate to the parent folder, `throne_tracker`
* Run `rails s` in your server to start your local server
* If you have the text editor add on: right click on the index.html folder
	* Else run `open ./index.html` on your command line
* The app can also be accessed on https://heroku.com/ADDWEBSITEHERE

## Project Requirements
For our third Project at the Flatiron School were challenged to:

1. Build a Single Page Application (SPA) using a Ruby on Rails backend and JavaScript frontend.

2. Must be a HTML/CSS/JS frontend with a Rails API backend. These should live in two separate repositories. All interactions between the client and the server should be handled asynchronously (AJAX).

3. Must use your Rails API and a form generated by the client to create a resource and render the response without a page refresh.

4. No user authentication with passwords. When the page refreshes the current user will effectively be signed out.

### Time Allotted
4 days

### License
MIT License Copyright (c) 2019 Sofia Jonsson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
